['In your opinion, how widespread is offensive language about lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or
transgender people by politicians in the country where you live?'

 'In your opinion, how widespread is same-sex partners holding hands in public in the country where you live?'

 
 'In your opinion, how widespread are casual jokes in everyday life about lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender people in the country you live?'
 'In your opinion, how widespread are expressions of hatred and aversion towards lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender in public in the country where you live?'
 'In your opinion, how widespread are assaults and harassment against lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender people in the country where you live?'

 'In your opinion, how widespread is heterosexual partners holding hands in public in the country where you live?'
 'In your opinion, how widespread is public figures in politics, business, sports, etc being open about themselves being lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender in the country where you live?'
 'In your opinion, how widespread are positive measures to promote respect for the human rights of lesbian, gay or bisexual people in the country where you live? *'
 'In your opinion, how widespread are positive measures to promote respect for the human rights of transgender people in the country where you live? *'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? Anti-discrimination policies referring to sexual orientation at the workplace?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? Measures implemented at school to respect lesbian, gay and bisexual people?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? Public figures in politics, business, sports, etc openly speaking in support of lesbian, gay and bisexual people?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? National authorities who promote the rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual people?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? Training of public servants (eg police, teachers) on the rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual people?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? Better acceptance of differences in sexual orientations by religious leaders?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? The possibility to marry and/or register a partnership?'
 'What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live? The possibility to foster / adopt children?'
 'Recognition of same-sex partnerships across the European Union - What would allow you to be more comfortable living as a lesbian, gay or bisexual person in the country where you live?'
 'In your opinion, in the country where you live, how widespread is discrimination because a person is Lesbian?'
 'In your opinion, in the country where you live, how widespread is discrimination because a person is Gay?'
 'In your opinion, in the country where you live, how widespread is discrimination because a person is Bisexual?'
 'In your opinion, in the country where you live, how widespread is discrimination because a person is Transgender?'
 'For each of the following types of discrimination, could you please specify whether, in your opinion, it is very rare, fairly rare, fairly widespread or very widespread in the country where you live?'
 'Does your current partner know that you are L, G, B or T?'
 'In your opinion, how many people know that you are L, G, B or T? Family members (other than your partner(s))?'
 'In your opinion, how many people know that you are L, G, B or T? Friends?'
 'In your opinion, how many people know that you are L, G, B or T? Neighbours?'
 'In your opinion, how many people know that you are L, G, B or T? Work colleagues / schoolmates?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Family members (other than your partner(s))?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T ? Friends ?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Neighbours ?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Work colleagues / schoolmates?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Immediate superior/head of department'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Customers, clients, etc at work?'
 'To how many people among the following groups are you open about yourself being L, G, B or T? Medical staff / health care providers?'
 'You have been treated with less courtesy than other people - In the last six months, in your day-to-day life, how often have any of the following things happened to you because you are or are assumed to be lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender?'
 'You have been treated with less respect than other people - In the last six months, in your day-to-day life, how often have any of the following things happened to you because you are or are assumed to be lesbian, gay, bisexual and/or transgender?'
 'You have received poorer services than others (eg in restaurants, shops) - In the last six months, in your day-to-day life, how often have any of the following things happened to you because you are or are assumed to be L,G,B,T'
 'All things considered, how satisfied would you say you are with your life these days? *'
 'In terms of your civil status in the country where you live, are you *'
 'What best describes your current situation in the country where you live *'
 'Have you ever moved to an EU country (and also taken up local residence) together with your same-sex partner, since you married or registered your partnership?'
 'In the country where you have moved to (taken u p residence), have you or your partner been denied or restricted access to any benefits or services that would have been available for a different-sex spouse or partner because of you having a same-sex partner or spouse?'
 'In the country where you live, do you consider yourself to be part of any of the following? *'
 'Do any children (under the age of 18) live in your household?'
 'Are you a parent or legal guardian of a child (or children)?'
 'Is someone in the household a parent or legal guardian of a child (or children)?'
 'how did you come to know about this survey?'
 'Have you been open about you being L, G, B or T? *'
 '4 levels of being open about LGBT background *']
